content/calls-trigger-my-fight-or-flight-reaction.md, before:

---
title: calls trigger my fight or flight reaction
date: 2025-09-26T00:08:52.930Z
description: calls trigger my fight or flight reaction
---
a week ago I signed up to the gym and i've been trying to do a 360 on my general health. to start off i got put on a high calorie diet by my trainer and today is my second day following it. i feel like shit.



i will admit i am used to eating badly (i love fast food and junk food in general) but i'm not used to eating a lot. this morning started off with nearly 200 grams of cereals which killed me, as i normally don't have breakfast. then two hours later i had 150 grams of tuna and eight rice cakes. then lunch, then yogurt, and then dinner again. dinner also fucked me up pretty badly today.



then what i also noticed during the day is that i've been feeling a bit more anxious and more prone to getting angry. this became visibly clear before ending my day at work: a guy from the accounting department asked for a call. he is really nice to me but a pain in the ass when he asks for a feature or automation his department needs. so i hopped on a call and for some reason i think i either got anxious (i did a pretty heavy feature a few months back that had issues and i do not ever want to work on it again) or angry (why are you calling me at this time??????). i eventually figured as he was explaining that he needed something pretty easy for me to do so i was pretty chill after that. i think my problem comes whenever i have to speak with a higher up or generally anyone above me, that is when my impostor syndrome runs high. 



anyway, i'm still feeling a bit weird. my dad mentioned that i may have something like a sugar timeout (best way I could translate it), meaning that as i'm having less sugar my serotonin is dipping. i hope i can get used to this new habit of overeating and then killing myself twice, once at work and once at the gym.



\-manu

Commit message:

Update Blog “calls-trigger-my-fight-or-flight-reaction”

content/calls-trigger-my-fight-or-flight-reaction.md, after:

---
title: drivers license
date: 2025-09-25T00:09:00.000Z
description: drivers license
---
i don’t think I’ve ever procrastinated something as much as getting my drivers license. everyone, including my friends, parents and grandparents, are telling me to go get it. they all got theirs as soon as they could, and my argument has always been: “\*ah, I don’t need it, I live in a big city… I can take the subway, bus, go by bike …\*” and honestly, so far I’ve never really needed one. I go to work by bike every day and it’s perfectly doable. in my free time I use public transport or my e-bike if I have to go somewhere.



but then again, I also feel a bit behind. everyone is getting their license before me and I know it could come in handy. what if I ever want to rent a car abroad, is what they say. or what if I ever change jobs and it's too far to go by bike?



anyways, I don’t even have my theoretical part because: I'm lazy and I am a pro procastinator. let alone the practical exam: it just feels like extra stress, especially if I were to practice it in the city.



for the few times I’ve actually driven a car, it went pretty smooth. my grandparents once took me to an industrial area where there’s not a lot of traffic so I could practice in their automatic transmission car and that felt easy enough. but then some other day they took me to a friend of them who still has an old manual t ransmission car, and it was horrible. I tried to start the car multiple times and just couldn’t get it to work. I know every car is a little bit different of course, but I just felt embarrassed that I wasted their time. the car even started to smell funny because of the clutch pedal.



I’ve been telling myself every single year: "\*ok, this year I’ll get my drivers license\*. and now we’re 8 years further and nothing has changed. maybe next year I'll get it :) 



\-alex
